The answers to questions Q1 through Q4 noted above:

Q1: Brady's patch remove the line "case_long_iso_time_style:" because the line
is repeated twice. Also, this line is basically a statement for the goto 
command in the switch part. It is not necessary to remove this line because
it does nothing useful and affects nothing. The program still works and will
automatically falls into the next line.

Q2: The patched version of Coreutils will introduce other problems in the
case that the users don't speak English and don't understand English-format
dates. This will cause problems referred to the locale of foreign countries
since it only uses the traditional Unix date. It will also cause problems if
other related programs are written for the YYYY-MM-DD date.

Q3: We ran the randline.py with the following command:
    python randline.py /dev/null
    It has an IndexError. The output is as follows:
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "randline.py", line 47, in <module>
    main()
  File "randline.py", line 41, in main
    sys.stdout.write(generator.chooseline())
  File "randline.py", line 11, in chooseline
    return random.choice(self.lines)
  File "/usr/lib64/python2.7/random.py", line 274, in choice
return seq[int(self.random() * len(seq))]  # raises IndexError if seq is empty
IndexError: list index out of range

This is mainly because that we do not specify the condition that
"numlines = 0" in the randline.py. So the program will assume that 
there is something in the file. This will lead to the undefined behavior
since it tries to read a line from the file with no lines and will have
trouble indexing the contents of the file.

Q4: I ran the program with python3 and it gave the following output:
  File "randline.py", line 42
    except IOError as (errno, strerror):
                      ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax

The line with problems is as follows:
except IOError as (errno, strerror):

This is because in python3, IOError has been merged into OSError.
So python3 does not allow argument like this and the code thus has
an syntax error. Since python3 removes this feature, we should write
OSError instead of IOError. (We could write except (OSError) as err: ) 
